# community meetings

We participate in a number of reoccurring meetings in the open source community.  We primarily focus on SIG and Working Group meetings in [the Kubernetes community](https://github.com/kubernetes/community).

## meeting guidelines

- **meeting owners**: if you are co-lead of a SIG (eg: sig-scalability, sig-testing), you are responsible for:
  - implementing that SIG's [governance](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/governance.md#sig-governance)
  - ensuring that a link to meeting notes, or general summary in chat, is posted to #meeting-opensource, the day of the meeting
  - ensuring that if you are unavailable for these duties, someone else is available as a standby
- **primary attendees**: if you are the _primary_ attendee for a given meeting, you are responsible for
  - ensuring that a link to meeting notes, or general summary in chat, is posted to #meeting-opensource, the day of the meeting
  - ensuring that if you are unavailable for these duties, someone else is available as a standby
- everyone is encouraged but not required to attend the kubernetes-community meeting
- we will have a weekly summary of community activity based on meeting notes / attendance
  - format TBD: pizza lunch? blog post? post-standup?
  - date TBD: ideally weekly, maybe we do it same day as community?
- TBD: what SIG's _should_ we cover?

Below is the state of meeting attendance as I understand it today.  This doesn't represent all the peopole who attend meetings.  It's an attempt at describing who regularly attends a given meeting the most, thus nominating them for "primary attendee"

Looking for feedback if we think SIG's aren't important, SIG's are missing, or owners/assignees are wrong.

## meetings we lead

| meeting | meeting owner | schedule |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [sig-scalability](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scalability) | Bob Wise (@countspongebob) | weekly, thursday @ 9:00am PST |
| [sig-testing](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-testing) | Aaron Crickenberger (@spiffxp) | weekly, tuesday @ 9:30am PST |

## meetings we attend

| meeting | primary attendee | schedule |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [kubernetes-community](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/community) | Aaron Crickenberger (@spiffxp) | weekly, thursday @ 10:00am PST |
| kubernetes-release | Aaron Crickenberger (@spiffxp) | ~2 weeks prior to kubernetes release, daily @ 11:00am PST | 
| [sig-api-machinery](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-api-machinery) | Mikel Nelson (@mikeln) | every other wednesday @ 11:00am PST |
| [sig-cluster-ops](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-cluster-ops) | David Watson (@davidewatson) | every thursday @ 1:00pm PST |
| [sig-instrumentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-cluster-ops) | Patrick Christopher (@coffeepac) | every thursday @ 9:30am PST |
| [sig-node](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-node) | TBD | every tuesday @ 11:00 am PST |
| [sig-network](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-network) | Rick Sostheim (@ostheim) | every thursday @ 2:00pm PST |
| [sig-on-prem](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-on-prem	) | Alejandro Escobar (@alejandroEsc) | TBD |
| [sig-storage](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-storage) | Patrick Chrisopher (@coffeepac) | every other thursday @ 9:00am PST |

## meetings we infrequently or used to attend

TBD: propose we just stop attending these if we're not going to attend them regularly

| meeting | primary attendee | schedule |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [appc/rkt community](https://goo.gl/rJ6kRy) | Mikel Nelson (@mikeln) | every other tuesday @ 9:00am PST |
| helm dev | Marat Garafutdinov (@maratoid) | weekly, thursday @ 9:30am PST |
